+++
Description = "Discussion about Chapter Automation Progress and a bookmark/archiving tool called LinkAce."
Date = 2022-12-01T11:24:09-06:00
PublishDate = 2022-12-01T11:24:09-06:00 # this is the datetime for the when the episode was published. This will default to Date if it is not set. Example is "2016-04-25T04:09:45-05:00" #can get this in bash using date +%Y-%m-%dT%H:%M:%S%z for the current date
podcast_file = "e009.mp3" # the name of the podcast file, after the media prefix.
podcast_duration = "23:20"
podcast_bytes = "35091658" # the length of the episode in bytes
episode_image = "files/e009.png"
#episode_banner = ""
#guests = [] # The names of your guests, based on the filename without extension.
#sponsors = []
#episode = ""
title = "Episode 09"
pod2_transcript = "https://linuxlemming.com/files/e009.srt" #WIP to get transcripts working
pod2_chapters = "https://linuxlemming.com/files/e009.json" #WIP to get chapters working
transcript = "/static/files/e009.txt"
#subtitle = ""
images = ["img/episode/default-social.jpg"]
#hosts = [] # The names of your hosts, based on the filename without extension.
#aliases = ["/##"]
#youtube = ""
explicit = "no" # values are "yes" or "no"
#media_override # if you want to use a specific URL for the audio file
#truncate = ""
#upcoming = true # set to true if you want this to be listed as upcoming, etc, etc
#categories = []
series = ["podcast 2.0","self hosting"]
tags = ["podcast 2.0","chapters","selfhosted","selfhosting","archive","docker","open source","bookmark","archive","2-factor"]
+++
### Audio Improvement?
This episode was recorded live using Ubuntu Studio, MIXXX, and Ardour 6. I ran my microphone through a gate and compressor and was using a cheap condenser  microphone instead of the cheap dynamic microphone I have previously used. Do you hear a difference? Is it better or worse?

I did all the post editing in Audacity and last minute included the intro so I'm sorry if it's too loud this time around.

### Embedded Chapters?!?!
I used the methods described in the show to produce all the meta data for this episode. It will be interesting to see if the mp3 tags show up!!

### Links and such

* [Chapter Issue on GitLab](https://gitlab.com/rastacalavera/linuxlemming/-/issues/4#note_1188223158)
* [LinkAce](https://www.linkace.org/)

**Intro music:**
Underwhelmed by [Kirk Osamayo](https://freemusicarchive.org/music/kirk-osamayo/purple-season-3/underwhelmed/)- The original track was altered for length and content.