+++
title = "The Great Chapter Crusade"
Description = "Chapters are so close I can almost taste them! In fact, I have added them!"
#Date = 2022-11-28T21:02:52-06:00
PublishDate = 2023-01-08T15:26:53-06:00 # this is the datetime for the when the epsiode was published. This will default to Date if it is not set. Example is "2016-04-25T04:09:45-05:00"
draft = false
#PublishDate = 2022-11-28T21:02:52-06:00 # this is the datetime for the when the episode was published. This will default to Date if it is not set. Example is "2016-04-25T04:09:45-05:00" #can use this in bash too date +%Y-%m-%dT%H:%M:%S%z
#blog_banner = ""
blog_image = "img/episode/009/fountainChap.jpg"
images = ["img/episode/009/fountainChap.jpg"]
Author = "rastacalavera"
#aliases = ["/##"]
series = ["Podcasting 2.0"]
tags = ["Podcasting 2.0", "Podcast Namespace", "Enhancements", "Features","chapters","json","python","coding"]
+++
# What's the deal with chapters?
So chapters are a pretty neat feature of podcasts but they are kind of a pain from the creator's perspective to make. Jupiterbroadcasting, who I listen to a lot, has had them for a long time and I reached out years ago to try to figure out how they did it with their Castablasta and never got a concrete answer.

Well, the chapters for the 2.0 spec are super easy to understand, but I want a easy way to make them and not have to do things by hand all the time.

So, here is my thought: I am currently using Audacity and that application can provide a label export. This label export should be easily converted to the json format for 2.0 chapters. I have spend about a week working on the problem and have come up with a pretty decent solution.

Most of the code and workflow comes from a project who used [Jekyll](https://gitlab.com/rastacalavera/jekyll-podcast-template) as a static site generator and made a json file using Audacity chapters! But get this, they also had a way to add chapters into the ID3 tags of the mp3 file itself so in theory, you could produce 2.0 compliant chapters AND a mp3 that would display chapters in something like PocketCasts as well. NICE!!

So after poking and prodding for a week, I have put together a [decent solution](https://gitlab.com/rastacalavera/linuxlemming/-/issues/4#note_1187122065) but the only issue is that you still need three folders and a naming convention to make this work efficiently. When I think about how this could integrate into the Castanet theme I envision the following:
* Create temp folder in `/static/`
* Put the required items into the the `/static/temp/` folder
* Have the output in the `.py` file be `/static/files/`
* Create a `coverArt` folder in `/static/img/` and use this going forward.

Doing this would allow me to slightly modify the python script and simply by adjusting my workflow, I would create the possibility of being able to seamless create 2.0 chapters AND make my mp3 files better for other players. I would have to do some renaming of items in the path of the episode front matter, but I am <10 episodes in so if I am going to drastically change how I do things, it would be best to commit before I get a deep catalog.

I am thinking that this will be the best way forward because I could potentially integrate the script into the CI/CD pipline so that when the site builds on GitLab, everything just takes care of itself.