+++
Description = "Discussion about the recent documentation into multiple upstream projects and exploring self-hosted web analytic platforms."
Date = 2021-03-24T13:10:36-05:00
PublishDate = 2021-03-24T13:10:36-05:00 # this is the datetime for the when the epsiode was published. This will default to Date if it is not set. Example is "2016-04-25T04:09:45-05:00"
title = "Lemmings Do Have Something to Contribute!"
#blog_banner = ""
blog_image = "img/episode/e03/e03.png"
images = ["img/episode/e03/e03.png"]
#Author = ""
#aliases = ["/##"]
draft= true #set to false to publish
+++
### Two and Counting
I am happy to say that so far the Linux Lemming has had two successful pull requests for documentation creation/modifications.
1. [LSIO]()- This is a big one for me. The linuxserver.io project is HUGE and getting a merge into their project holds a special place in my heart. They have a great community and a team of devs who are constantly fielding questions through [discord](). Their documentation is some of the best out there in my opinion and being a contributor to that makes me very happy.
2. [Podcast Generator]()- This is another project dear to me because I used this tool previously with my friend on a "hobby cast". I remember the installation process years ago was easy but upon trying to install it again, I struggled. Their installation documentation is sparse and I found user created notes, thanks j-atoms, in their github issue tracker that I modified and submitted. I've installed it several times over on a VPS and am still finding ways to improve it so a future pull request is in the works.

### Pending
I am currently playing with web analytic software (more about that later) and hope to submit documentation to two future projects.












