+++
Description = "Blog"
Date = 2022-11-11T14:40:33.000Z
PublishDate = 2022-11-11T14:40:33.000Z
title = "The Return of the Lemming"
blog_image = "img/episode/e07/e07.png"
images = [ "img/episode/default-social.jpg" ]
Author = "rastacalavera"
tags = [ "announcement", "Value4Value" ]
preview = "/img/episode/e07/e07.png"
draft = "true"
+++
The revival of the podcast brings a lot of new topics. I am mainly really excited about [Podcast 2.0]() features and I have been experimenting on how to implement some of the features in the [castanet theme](https://github.com/mattstratton/castanet/issues/391) that I use on my static site.

Things I want to put into the podcast:
* Value tag
    * Want to self host my own bitcoin/lightening node using Umbrel.
    * Been waiting about 3 months for the node to sync . . . 
* Chapter tags
    * Need to find an easy way to do this so that I don't have to make them manually otherwise I just won't do it.
* Lit tag
    * I've got pretty good traction with this using Azuracast. Just have to figure out how to do the whole podping thing (not even sure if that is needed).
* Transcripts tag
    * Got good traction on this one!
I figured that adding transcription to all my episodes would be pretty easy and a simple thing to do. I dug into [Whisper](https://github.com/openai/whisper) which is an openai project that has high accuracy transcription that runs locally on your own hardware. I ran the base model on my laptop at it took about 4x the time of the episode to render out. I also learned that it puts 38 characters as a limit and the namespace requires a 32 character limit. To get around this, I found [subtitle composer](https://subtitlecomposer.kde.org/) which will easily take the srt file and change the character count. I ran all my episodes through this so that it meets the criteria. I played with the theme and think I found a good way to get them into the episodes. I would need to use [Podverse](https://podverse.fm/) to verify that they are working since [Fountain](https://fountain.fm/) doesn't support it yet.

