+++
Description = "Taking a listen to [Podcasting 4 Value](http://ipfspodcasting.com/RSS/53/Podcasting4Value.xml), episode 24 to try to get some good tips and tricks on improving my audio for my podcast."
Date = 2022-11-18T08:49:03-06:00
PublishDate = 2022-11-18T08:49:03-06:00 # this is the datetime for the when the epsiode was published. This will default to Date if it is not set. Example is "2016-04-25T04:09:45-05:00"
title = "Gotta Fix My Audio"
#blog_banner = ""
blog_image = "img/host/calaveraJP.jpeg"
images = ["img/episode/default-social.jpg"]
Author = "rastacalavera"
#aliases = ["/##"]
#series = [""]
tags = ["podcast","podcasting","audio","audio editing","self improvement","tinkering","",""]
+++
# These are my notes from Episode 24 of [Podcasting4Value](https://podcasting4value.com/)
---
The podcast, Podcasting 4 Value, had a great guest on Episode 24. Steve (Door as he is called for Door2Door Geek) shared his setup and tips for editing which I hope to use to improve the quality of my show.


# Steve's Setup
## Hardware
Heil P22 XLR
* use Dynamic and not Condensing
    * Have to be ON TOP of the dynamic
* DBX 266XL (Limiter, Noise gate, compression)
* Lexicon Alpha USB audio interface
* Behringer mixer (4 channel)

## Tool Chain
Mic to mixer, 1/4 out to DBX, 1/4 into USB and USB into computer.

## Software
[Tango Studio](http://tangostudio.tuxfamily.org/)- Discontinued, 

Tango Studio provides some free audio packages for Debian oldstable "JESSIE 8" & stable "STRETCH 9", to run a VST host - hybrid using winelib in realtime mode and also an ASIO for WINE. 

Installed on top of Tango:
* jack
* audacity
* Lame encoder
* Q Tractor
* VST plugins

## Recording
* Have multiple mechanisms/copies
    * Mumble to record the room (personal computer)
    * Extra computer ender mumble and also record
    * Stream to YouTube (used as a office site backup)
* Record into OGG with a quality of `8`
    * has quality of WAV but smaller file size
* Only record a single person in Audacity
    * `Ctrl + n` can put a mark in the recording for your notes on where to fix things.

## Editing
* Trim start and ends first.
* Open wave form in Audacity and look for peaks.
    * Waves should be approaching the the outside of box but never touching it. 
    * Find high spots and use `Effect -> Amplify -> -4.4` and repeat as needed
    * Find quiet spot and use `Effects -> Noise Cancel -> Get Sample -> Select all -> Effect -> Noise Cancel -> OK`
    * Select all audio and use a Dyson Compression, message for your audio. Makes loud stuff a bit quieter and makes the quiet stuff a little bit louder.
        * `-18` db amplitude
        * default
        * `1`
        * `1`
        

## Resources
^1[Podnutz](https://podnutz.com/)- Tech Podcasting Network